With NVIDIA drivers, do not use xorg.conf file nor nvidia-xsettings to create it.

Avoid wrapping lines in Thunderbird setting mailnews.wraplength option to 0.

If validity check fails when installing/updating with yay, it should be a package maintaining error. Report and try later to uninstall, delete cache with yay -Sc, and install again.

If error with yay: "error while loading shared libraries: libalpm.so.11: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory", update yay and reinstall: git pull and makepkg -sirc.

# AutoFirma only works with Java 8: use archlinux-java set java-8-openjdk/jre.

When changing password in Google, delete ~/.gdfuse/default/state to ask for credentials at next log in attempt.

If xinit does not start (and startx in tty2 gives "no screens found" error), NVIDIA drives must have been updated. Update initramfs with sudo mkinitcpio -P.

Change Xcompmgr background colour with 'hsetroot -solid "#000000"'.

For using DNIe in Firefox, plug the card reader with the card, go to Settings -> Security -> Certificates -> Security Devices, load and add '/usr/lib/opensc-pkcs11.so' file. Then, log in.

For configuring AutoFirma for new DNIs: install packages for DNIe reading (pcsc-tools, ccid, opensc, lbpkcs11-dnie, ca-certificates-dnie), enable and start pcscd.service, delete non-used Firefox profiles (about:profiles), open AutoFirma, press "Usar cualquier certificado", go to preferences (Ctrl+P), uncheck "Habilitar JMulticard...", accept, close, and choose always "Usar cualquier certificado" when opening the software". Select file and, when pressing "Firmar", inserted DNI certificates should be listed and ready to choose.

If MP3Diags gives some error and does not open: recompile. Use "makepkg -o" if neccessary to extract source and tweak it based on any possible compiling error. Install with "makepkg -sirce". "-e" option for using already extracted (and tweaked) source.

For merging in Git with another remote repo: "git remote add repo_name repo_URL" if not added yet, "git pull repo_name branch_name". If reconciliation method is to be specified, "git pull repo_name branch_name" will need to be run again. Solve conflicts and "git commit -am commit_message".
